1. Write a Java Program 5
2. Write a Java Program that will display factorial of the given number.
3. Write a Java Program that will find the largest no from the given two nos.
4. Write a Java Program that will find the largest no from the given three nos.
5. Write a Java Program that shows the use of switch Statement.
6. Write a Java Program to find the sum of the digits of given number.
7. Write a Java Program that will display the Sum of 1+1/2+1/3…..+1/n.
8. Write a Java Program that check weather the given no is prime or not.
9. Write a Java Program that implements the use of break statement.
10. Write a Java Program that implements the use of continue statement.
11. Write a Java Program that will accept Command-line Arguments and display the same.
12. Write a Java Program to sort the elements of an array in Ascending Order.
13. Write a Java Program to create a Student class and generate result of student (Total, Per,
Grade).
14. Write a Java Program to create an Employee class and generate Salary Slip for the employee.
15. Write a java program which shows the use of Static Members.
16. Write a java program which shows the Nesting of Methods.
17. Write a java program which shows the use of Methods Overloading.
18. Write a java program which implements the Default Constructors.
19. Write a java program which implements the Parameterized Constructors.
20. Write a java program which implements the Overloading of Constructors.
21. Write a java program which explains the concept of Single Inheritance.
22. Write a java program which explains the concept of Multilevel Inheritance.
23. Write a java program which explains the concept of Hierarchical Inheritance.
24. Write a java program which shows the Method Overriding.
25. Write a Java Program to implement final class and final method.
26. Write a Java Program to implement abstract class and abstract method.
27. Write a java program which implements Interface.
28. Write a java program which implements Multiple Interfaces.
29. Write a java program which shows importing of classes from other packages. 